In this course, Deploying Value with Kanban,
you will learn the knowledge and skills to help you implement
continuous integration and continuous deployment within the
context of the Kanban value stream in DevOps.
So,
if you are using Agile Scrum or the basics of Kanban today
and are looking for taking a deeper,
richer examination at how you can further refine and improve your Kanban
practice to deliver even more value to your customers,
then this course is for you.
First,
we will compare Kanban with Scrum so you can leverage your Agile Scrum
knowledge to better assimilate new Kanban techniques.
Topics to be contrasted are backlog creation,
backlog planning, work in progress, workflow constraints,
handling unplanned work, and using metrics.
Next,
we will discuss how continuous integration can increase
customer value through applying version control,
branching and merging,
and automated testing within the context of a Kanban value stream,
and employing automation to the build process to improve code quality.
We will examine how DevOps is the bridge between continuous
integration and continuous deployment to enable regular,
automatic production builds.
This will illustrate how this best practice works hand‑in‑hand with Kanban.
Finally,
as the popularity of Kanban continues to grow, its
usage is not just in small pockets, but growing throughout organizations.
We will explore the importance of the order of work,
estimates, milestones, effective communication,
and how to best deal with late or buggy dependencies.
When you are finished with this course,
the student will have the skills and knowledge of how to improve, execute, and deliver a higher‑level quality Kanban management system.